create a 3 page website for a real estate investing where home owners can put in there information on the first page should be an introduction and testimonials from other home owners. the second is the Process page giving information about the Process on how it works and the last page should be a pop out form page such as full name, address and phone number. here are the steps for the process page (How The Process Works

Step 1: Tell us about your property – Quick, Easy & Free!

Step 2: If it meets our buying criteria, we’ll contact you to set up a quick appointment

Step 3: We’ll present you w/ a fair written, no-obligation offer

Step 4: We close at a local reputable title company, cash in your hands in as little as 7 days) and (Timeframe:  Once you fill our offer form, we will contact you to get more details. We’ll get the process going and make a fair all-cash offer within 24 hours. We can close quickly as 7 days or you can even get a response on the same day in some cases.



Selling Your House Can Be A Quick And Simple Process

We buy houses in San Bernardino and we take the property as is. We will take care of your property’s value and sell for cash or list it with our property management. Let us know what condition the property is in and if it has any liens. We buy houses in San Bernardino in each condition and any location.



The best way to get quick cash is to sell your house . Alecart is the best place to get started with that! You can contact us by call (216)260-3455 or you can visit our website. We will explain you everything you will need to know while selling your property in your area. We will even arrange the finances to make selling your property quick and easy!



Don’t worry about repairing or cleaning up your property. We’ll buy your house in as-is condition… no matter how ugly or pretty it is… no matter the location.



We buy houses in a easy, hassle-free way to get rid of your house quickly by paying cash.



See what we can offer you for your house) [the first page should look similar to this website https://www.patbuyshousescash.com/sell-your-house/]